[ambulance siren]
Do you want a
[inaudible],, darling?
What the-- no!
No!
[grunting]
[music playing]
[applause]
Well?
The hand [inaudible] good.
Your hand were really
still at the end.
Actually, they used a
hand double for that bit.
The director said my
hand was distracting.
So when are you going to stop
being cast as a slutty murder
victim, do you think?
Every actor starts as a
murdered prostitute, Meg.
You have to build up to be
a non-murdered prostitute,
and then you can play anything,
like the hot girl at work
or the uptight girlfriend.
Anything.
Don't take this the
wrong way, but don't you
ever feel like it's--
- What?
Degrading and
sort of unfeministy?
OK, Caitlin Moran,
it's just showbiz.
You wouldn't understand.
O-M-Jesus.
Spielberg, is it?
A producer's just tweeted me.
He saw my portrayal of
murdered prostitute 2
and he wants me
to be in his film.
What?
He's offered you
a job on Twitter?
What is it?
A movie in his pants?
[chuckling]
BONNIE: It's not porn.
Is it?
No.
Look at his other credits.
"Demon Cheerleader Academy,"
"Ghost Night Stand,"
and now this--
"Jacteria 2-- Blood Apocalypse."
That is big time, Bonnie.
"Jacteria 1" were [inaudible].
Dracteria?
It's like Dracula
and bacteria.
It were huge Meg.
Hmm.
He wants me to play professor
Tina Van Helsing, a brilliant,
but sexy biochemist.
My god.
That was just so me.
Frequently.
I always thought you were dog
shite acting, if I'm honest.
Show's how much I know.
Thank you.
It's has to be
a prank, surely.
No Meg, this is it.
My big break.
Don't be jealous.
Your face goes are crabby
like an old-timey witch.
Oh yeah.
[music playing]
MEG: How come you get
a sexy suit and a job
with a cool headset?
Can't I work there?
No chance.
No offense Meg, Can's take
deadwood at Leeds Telcoms.
How do I look?
Like you've gone blind?
Got a teensy problem.
Not a big deal.
But the producers, they're
can be calling me any minute,
and they want to be my agent.
So?
I don't have an agent.
But, your agent called
me to cancel my birthday.
I don't really have
time for this right now.
I normally do it myself and just
call [inaudible] But they're
professionals, so I don't know.
Meg?
You're on your own mate.
Like I was on my birthday.
Ug.
Hello there.
Bloody hell, I'll do it.
All right Brits,
let's talk money.
I want 10%.
Well good luck today.
Really.
- Really.
Really, really
delighted for you.
Uh, I better go.
Off to the promotions job?
That you two have inexplicably
moved on from before me.
This is a [inaudible] abyss.
Remember when I used
to do permanent work?
So degrading.
Of course I remember Bunny,
It was literally yesterday.
[music playing]
Hey babydolls.
So good to meet you.
So cool.
You're our new boss, ya?
No.
Just doing the same as you.
What?
You're doing this with us?
Oh my god, Babes.
How old are you, though?
Hello girls.
Looking lovely.
Where's Malcolm?
Lawsuit is pending, can't
go into any more details.
It's not settled.
It's not not settled.
Anyway, you are?
I'm Meg.
On you're Meg.
Right.
Yeah.
Hi Bunny, I'm
Ciaran, the director.
So, have you met Alex Reid?
Alex Reid?
Jordan's ex-husband.
The cage fighter.
He's in this too?
Yes, yep.
He can get a touch
frustrated with us all,
so he's very passionate
about this project.
Oh, well sure.
Me too.
And you've read the script?
All of it.
Yep.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah yeah, yeah.
Great because--
Where do you
think you're going?
Do I look like I'm finished?
Sorry, you were saying?
You know what Meggles?
May I call you Meggles?
No.
You know what?
It would be most helpful if
you looked after the shampoos
in the van.
Do they need looking after?
Don't worry about that.
Just pop into the van, Meg.
Why?
That's it, great stuff.
Good girl.
All the way in Meg.
Ow.
A bit further.
That's it so, now we see,
Meg, the general idea.
There we are.
Well I quit.
Hello?
Three, take one.
Mark it.
OK that's great.
So what we're after here is
just the movement, Bunny.
OK, so we're going to be CJI-ing
all the side stuff in later.
So if you just hold
your hands like you're
holding on to some
bicycle handlebars.
And just move both of your
hands from side to side.
That's lovely.
A bit faster now.
Just go quickly.
Quickly, quickly.
That's good.
Yeah.
Maybe lick one of
the handlebars.
Just give it a good lick.
Yeah, At an angle.
That's it.
Yeah.
Ok, that's really great Bunny.
Just keep going.
Just keep working away
on those handlebars.
What is CGI again?
Science stuff Bunny,
just science stuff.
Oh, you're in a
bit of a rush now.
Oh no, now, some
of that bacteria
has leapt up onto your
hair and face and glasses.
Oh, oh dear.
Perfect.
[music playing]
Hi Laura.
Hey Nathan.
What's happened to Terri?
He's been away for a week.
- Yeah, out sick.
Poor fucker.
How's he going to afford that?
What do you mean?
He is getting paid.
He's on sick leave.
What?
Do you mean we get paid
even if we're sick?
Of course.
[munching]
Wha't going on?
I'm a bit lost,
but I think this
prick the polka-dot dungarees,
his stalls was [inaudible]
No, I mean, what are
you doing home so early?
I found out about sick days.
What a world Meg.
Hamlet's here.
How was it then?
I smashed it.
I'm practically Cate Blanchett,
and I'm not even kidding.
I have a trailer, and a slave.
No, he's not a slave, mate.
He's a slave.
And he gets me shit.
And there's an all-day buffet.
A free buffet?
Fucking hell.
Can I come tomorrow?
I can pull another sick day.
Sure.
Well, that's not fair.
If Laura goes, I get to go.
And actually, now I'm
thinking about it.
Working on a film
is my main dream.
Can I come too?
I won't have to be paid.
I'll treat it just like work
experience, or something.
Yeah, I'm sure it's fine.
Just come with.
When you're the lead,
you can pretty much
do whatever you want.
Everyone loves me so--
BUNNY: Morning everyone.
I'm here.
LAURA: This is f-ing.
BUNNY: - Oh, you're so sweet.
I guess I'm just
so used to it now.
It's just so
fascinating to see how
it all works behind the scenes.
Just one little soup spoon
on guys, if you could not
talk to me while we're here.
Are you joking?
Upppppa pa.
It's just, I'm kind
of a big deal, ya?
And I think it'd be really
confusing for people
if they saw me with the work
experience girl and, you know,
this.
Thanks guys.
I knew you'd understand.
Wow.
PAUL: Who are you again?
- I'm Meg.
I'm Bunny's friend.
She said I could
do work experience.
Aren't you a bit old to
be doing work experience?
I'm glad you noticed, Paul.
You see, I've decided on
a little career change.
Filmmaking is my main dream.
Oh god please stop.
Look, this film is a nightmare.
The last thing I
need is to waste
time showing some directionless,
overgrow millennial the ropes.
But we do need all
the help we can get.
Oh, I Thank you.
I wouldn't thank me yet, love.
CREW (ON WALKIE-TALKIE)
Come in Paul.
Got a problem.
What?
150 quid.
It's a joke.
No wonder they can't
find any extras.
[music playing]
Hi Nathan.
No.
I'm really sick.
What's wrong?
Uh, Bubbly skin flaps, burning
hands and scalp throps.
Yeah it does sound
unbelievable, doesn't it?
I'll send you a photo.
What the fuck is this?
It's the biscuits.
You think I can give a
plate of biscuits to Alex Reed
looking like that?
I'll be sacked, Meg.
Laughed out of town.
Jesus Christ.
You do want this work
experience, don't you?
Yes yes.
Then get your shit together.
BUNNY: Morning everyone.
Another day down the
tinsel mines, am I right?
Oh, hey, Brian.
BRIAN: My name's not Brian.
Oh, Bunny, can I
ask you something?
It's about--
[music playing]
OK so where we are
now is Count Dracula
has got into the blood
samples in the lab,
and he's taking the
form of evil bacteria.
Oh, Dracteria.
Now it makes sense.
You've not read the--
Never mind.
So you're in the
lab, your colleague
and mentor, Alex Reid, is away.
Some of the bacteria you're
working on in the Petri dish,
it swarms out, and it starts
to have unwanted sex with you.
The bacteria rapes me?
No, it just has
unwanted sex with you.
OK.
What's the difference?
Shall we just give
it a little go?
Yeah.
Scene Four, Take one.
OK and action.
(SCREAMING) Oh, Oh,
oh No Oh no. oh. oh.
OK cut.
Cut.
Great effort, Bunny.
Love that.
Just to see where
it takes us, do you
think you could do
the next one and just
enjoy it a little bit more?
But It's raping me.
Yeah, but it's sex, isn't it?
Yeah?
You follow?
Ah.
Gotcha.
Scene four Take two.
OK action
(SCREAMING) Oh, no.
Oh, yeah. yeah.
Yeah.
But no. no, no, no no.
OK just Bunny.
Stop, stop.
OK.
OK, that's great.
We're still not quite
getting it, are we?
So I'll tell you what?
Don't worry, just follow my
lead, I'll talk you through it.
OK?
OK action Bunny.
It's painful, ow.
(SCREAMING) Ow, ow, ow.
Now try to feel the
bacteria swarming into it.
Yeah?
(SCREAMING) Eww, Eww.
DIRECTOR: Ahh, It's swarming.
On no.
It's scary, It's scary, Bunny.
Oh hello.
Oh, starting to enjoy it
a little bit more now.
Oh, oh, oh.
These bacteria they're
really going to town me.
Oh that's right.
- (SCREAMING) Oh, Oh.
Oh, Oh,
DIRECTOR: Oh, it's
sexy, it's hot.
It's hot.
Keep it yeah.
That's it, keep it going.
Good and come.
(SCREAMING) Ahhhhhhhhh.
Great, that's lunch everyone.
[music playing]
Bring today's
chocolates from work,
and I'm getting
paid for two jobs.
BUNNY: Great.
Have you gotten
Ben Boney's agent?
Best day ever.
I hated it.
Working on a film is absolutely
nothing like the blooper
reels on YouTube.
I thought it'd just be
people dicking about.
I'm gonna have to
call in sick tomorrow.
Good call mate.
MEG: But then, what if it
is still my main dream?
This could be my big break.
I could be the next massive
female director like,
uh, like--
Hmmm.
- Meg.
Do you want some real
talk from someone who
is currently living her truth?
No.
Sometimes life is hard ya?
Like sometimes you have
to fight for your dreams.
Take me.
The director decided
that the film hasn't
good enough nudity in it.
So even though it's
not part of the story.
They need me to
take my clothes off.
For the good of the film.
And you said doing
promo work was degrading.
BUNNY: You're just jealous
Meg, because I am a star,
and you can't even arrange
some biscuits on a plate.
Oh, yes.
Alex Reid and I had a
good old laugh about it.
Ok.
Fine.
My career is in tatters.
But jealousy aside, they are
taking a piss, and using you
tits.
No they're not.
Yes they are.
You'll just end up on
YouPorn Do you think
Meryl Streep is on YouPorn?
She isn't last checked.
I guess I am kind
of like Meryl Streep.
But I don't want to
be a YouPorn again.
But nudity is empowering now.
I thought that was the thing.
Bunny, they're
making a power play,
and your tits are the chips.
We can't all just take our
tops off whenever someone tells
us to, and call it empowering.
That's not feminism.
Is it?
[inaudible]
I don't know.
No?
You've got to take
back the power, Bunny.
That is, if you want them
to know who the star is.
I am.
I am the star.
Sure.
[music playing]
PAUL (YELLING) We are
slaughtering an orphan.
Of course we need
a fucking orphan.
Morning Paul
Oh God, you're back are you?
I'm having a nightmare.
This whole thing is a shit show.
And that friend of yours
might just be the worst
actress I have ever seen.
CREW: Take One.
Poor scenes.
Fucking poor scenes.
Look, she even open
the fucking door.
(SCREAMING) IDIOTS
And now two extras
have just dropped out.
So I needed to find
the replacements.
Ya?
(SCREAMING) Now.
Right, yes.
Copy that.
I won't let you down. boss.
That way.
Fuck me.
Sorry what do you mean you're
not comfortable with nudity?
I just really feel
like for this scene
the nudity is gratuitous.
I thought my character
would be wearing clothes.
Right, It's a woodland
orgy dream sequence.
So it wouldn't be a very
erotic woodland orgy
dream, if everybody
kept their clothes on.
Would it?
It's just not very
feminist-y is it?
It is, actually.
Because there's nothing
more feminist-y than taking
your clothes off for your art.
It's empowering.
And you see, this
is what I thought.
But look, I am serious
actor, so you need to respect
my truth and my body.
I'll tell you who's
a serious actor.
Right?
Alex Reid.
He is going full-frontal nudity.
He's shaving his entire body.
The man will be like a dam eel,
because he is a professional.
One tit.
- No
- Bottom
- Bottom of one tit.
- Nope.
What if you were to
just wear, I don't know,
a slightly see-through dress,
just so we got the sense of it.
No.
Fuck's Sake.
PAUL: What not even one tit?
Fucking how?
You had better up good news.
Yeah.
I have found a replacement.
I told you only
two replacements.
Yeah I couldn't find another
one at such short notice,
so I thought I could do it.
Oh, really?
Oh man, that is so cool of you.
You know, I think I
was wrong about you.
You've got what it takes.
I'm going to write you
the best reference.
Leap over to costume,
and they'll sort you out.
OK copy that.
Copy that.
This can't be the
the entire costume.
How does it even--
[music playing]
OK.
Paul?
Proud of you Meg,
Doing a great job.
[music playing]
Excuse me, sorry, do
you have a spare razor?
I wasn't expecting to be
in my knickers at work.
Sorry love, Alex Reid
just took the last one.
Of course he did.
[music playing]
ALEX REID: Excuse me.
Hello Alex.
Mr. Reid sir.
Who are you?
What are you doing
in my trailer?
I am--
Oh I see.
Do you know I can't
get around the back.
What, what, Oh.
[music playing]
[farting]
ALEX REID: Oh.
Pardon.
[music playing]
What the hell?
You have anything under that?
No I'm wearing a patch.
You hypocrite.
Picked What about feminism?
What about taking
back the power?
You said--
I know what I said.
DIRECTOR: Look, Bunny, We
can't get hold of your agent.
If we don't sort
this, you're through.
Fine.
I'll just call him up.
Bunny, I wouldn't.
I don't need any more
help from you, Judith.
I think you mean Judas.
Good luck.
Hey.
Hey
AGENT(ON PHONE):
What do you want?
You keep bothereing me.
No, come on, look, no,
that's a little bit harsh.
AGENT(ON PHONE): Harsh?
Harsh?
No, no don't--
Look all I'm saying is I want--
Hang on.
AGENT(ON PHONE):
You don't think--
[inaudible]
LAURA: I'll make you wish
that you never even been born.
I'll make you wish
you could clamber
back into your mother's snatch,
your daft fucking prick.
Oh shit.
Bunny, is this crouching
half-naked extra your agent?
- No,
- Yeah, I am.
Well I don't know where the
fuck in Amityville you're from,
but tell your
client she's fired.
Now get a fuck off my set.
You are both fired.
Sorry rewind.
You can't fire me.
I'm the lead.
We'll manage.
We got everything we
need, minus the tits.
But Meg said--
Meg?
What was it?
About empowerment?
I don't know anymore, mate.
But, I'll take my top off.
OK?
I will.
No no no don't bother.
We'll just get one of the
girls from Babe Station.
No.
Should I go too?
DIRECTOR SHOUTING:
Who even are you?
She's the replacement tits.
OK, keep her.
It'll be fine.
We just shooting from
the chin down, anyway.
But--
Come on Meg, Get them out.
You do want that
reference, don't you?
Yeah, It's just that,
my tits are only A cups.
DIRECTOR: Ah fuck.
OK.
Is there anyone on this
set with a proper pair
of tits willing to get
them out for camera?
C cops or bigger?
No not them.
And tits?
Praise the fucking Lord.
Right.
Hang on.
Is that--
It's above an A.
DIRECTOR: OK you stand there.
A-cups fuck off.
Come on.
Right
Fucking action.
Yes, yes.
How many?
Stupid film anyway.
Genuinely Meg.
I think you did me a favor.
At least you won't
end up on YouPorn.
Yeah no one will
know it's me because he
didn't want to use my face.
Wouldn't they?
[phone buzzing]
Reid talk to me.
They said what?
I'll call her.
We agree 5% on the back end.
I'm not having them
screw you out all that.
If they want a [inaudible]
that's 75 pound [inaudible]..
She's really good, you know.
She's got me another job.
What is it?
Telly gig.
Telly?
Cool great.
Right.
Cool.
Great.
Are you OK Meg?
Yeah, of course.
Are you wanting me to ask--
No.
Don't be silly as that.
Maybe just put in a good word.
Meg, I'm telling you
this because I love you.
Don't give up your day job.
Yeah.
I don't have a day job.
[music playing]